when David said this is the house of the
Lord God and this is the altar of
burnt-offering for Israel
[Music]
so David commanded to gather the aliens
who were in the Land of Israel and he
appointed Mason's to cut hewn stones to
build the house of God and David
prepared iron in abundance for the nails
of the doors of the gates and for the
joints and bronze and abundance beyond
measure and cedar trees in abundance for
the sidonians and those from tyre
brought much cedar wood to David now
David said Solomon my son is young and
inexperienced and the house to be built
for the Lord must be exceedingly
magnificent famous and glorious
throughout all countries I will now make
preparation for it
so David made abundant preparations
before his death then he called for his
son Solomon and charged him to build a
house for the Lord God of Israel my son
as for me it was in my mind to build a
house to the name of the Lord my God but
the word of the Lord came to me saying
you have shed much blood and have made
great Wars you shall not build a house
for my name because you have shed much
blood on the earth in my sight behold a
son shall be born to you who shall be a
man of rest and I will give him rest
from all his enemies all around his name
shall be Solomon for I will give peace
and quietness to Israel in his days
he shall build a house for my name and
he shall be my son and I will be his
father and I will establish the throne
of his kingdom over Israel forever now
my son may the Lord be with you and may
you prosper and build the house of the
Lord your God as he has said to you only
may the Lord give you wisdom and
understanding and give you charge
concerning Israel that you may keep the
law of the Lord your God then you will
prosper
if you take care to fulfill the statutes
and judgments with which the Lord
charged Moses concerning Israel be
strong and of good courage do not fear
nor be dismayed indeed I have taken much
trouble to prepare for the house of the
Lord
one hundred thousand talents of gold and
1 million talents of silver and bronze
and iron beyond measure Braves is so
abundant
I have prepared timber and stone also
and you may head to them moreover there
are workmen with you in abundance
woodsmen and stone cutters and all types
of skillful men for every kind of work
of gold and silver and bronze and iron
there is no limit arise and begin
working and the Lord be with you David
also commanded all the leaders of Israel
to help Solomon his son is not the Lord
your God with you and has he not given
you rest on every side for he has given
the inhabitants of the land into my hand
and the land is subdued before the Lord
and before his people now set your heart
and your soul to seek the Lord your God
therefore arise and build the sanctuary
of the Lord God to bring the Ark of the
Covenant of the Lord and the holy
articles of God into the house that is
to be built for the name of the Lord
[Music]